[Music]
advantage of using programmable logic
device phoenician of programmable logic
device is the LD shot for programmable
logic device a generic term for an
integrated script that can be programmed
in a laboratory to perform complex
functions the PLT consists of arrays of
N or gets a system designer implements a
logic design with a device programming
death blows fuse on the PLD to control
gate operation a PLD has an undefined
function at the time of manufacture
before the PLD can be used in a sector
it must be programmed that is
reconfigure the LD p-- types can
classified into the following groups
number one is P R or MS is programmable
read-only memory of these these prompts
can offer high speed and low cost for
relatively small number two is PLA s is
programmable logic array this can offer
flexible features for more complex
design
number three is PA l OG ALS is
programmable array logic or generic
array logic is awful good flexibility
and a faster and less expensive than PLA
is the advantages of using PL d compared
to standard IC and custom IC is cost of
production because to produce the must
use in the process photolithography and
the cost of the designs PLD producing
design which chip do not need any mass
as ICS which is one or two months need
to continue cells available on silicon
surface and why design designers have to
be continued between sell cheap labor
costs lbm need design all must must
generate and processing costs are high
to is first design time the general
characteristic of obld the circuits in a
fix logic device a permanent they
perform one function or set of functions
once manufacture they cannot be changed
next the design can be quickly
programmed into a device and immediately
test in a life next no need for a common
masked layer is design and very quickly
in the design then is a lag block of
internal connections that can be in the
program and the code
and with a I use a device that consists
of micrometric cells and the last one is
PLD is the input and I'll get a chirp
this figure shows floorplan and level
this is the block diagram of
architecture PLT bigger below shows
architecture diagram of Brown which is
programmable our plan followed by a fix
and plan this architectural diagram of
Eden it contains two levels of logic and
eggplant and an outline where both
levels are Jennifer
it's architecture diagram of P and
programmable and planned followed by a
fixed or boom assalamualaikum
warahmatullahi wabarakatuh my name is
Errol estimating Desna today I will
explain about the methods of returning
the PMD which is the method of the midi
and language offer the moon methods of
programming the PLB there are three
methods of programming the PLD a
brilliant expression technique most of
the logic can be described using n and
yet or on ket P Algy will convert the
product of the number of operation and
carry out optimization for device or a
chip program then transfer the real
logic five attend into the programmable
device simple expression of anger is ma
reply be an object is a plus B secondly
truth table technique input and output
relation of PLD can be obtained by
reading the truth table and generate an
equivalent project configuration
schematic editor technique draw the
schematic design of a logic device PLD
April types of design language there are
two types of design language firstly
high-level language
see you PL you can use for
low-complexity device HDL and VHDL a
popular higher level description
language for more complex device and PL
the language can be programmer in a
laboratory to perform complex function
can leave low-level language a simple
language chair is a very strong
correspondence between the program
statement and the architecture mission
[Music]
memory and this topic is include of
simmer and CTO method and give you and
[Music]
method of storing memory in vld Pinkert
evidence injection was transistor or
known as famous so this is the physical
structure of a MOS transistor
polysilicon royal metal sauce brain in
its P substrate a famous transistor it
operates in two condition which is
charged condition in this church
condition each condition when a high
voltage is applied between the source
and the drain some church will be
induced in a second gate causing the
transistor has a channel that is
conductive for the discharge condition
Ephraim can be erased by exposure to the
UV light and distant of son into a
conductor which causes the charge stored
in the bottom of the gate to become
fatigued from use a floating gate
Avalanche injection most famous
transistor cell to storage applying a
special programming voltage VPP
caused a high electric field
to be developed in the channel region of
this transistor this in turn caused
electron to jump the silicon dioxide
barrier between the channel region and
the floating game during programming the
salad K is given a positive virus which
help attract this electron to the
floating get in the truck
because the floating gate is run by
silicon dioxide an excellent ice
insulator the injected charge is
effectiveness weapon the storage period
is project by Intel to exceed 20 years
Sam with red charged constituent system
to be biased on where else does tell
with a tripod charge Arabella's off
blank
ephram's have no trap charge and each
cells toward a logic one the Ephram
electron electron under floating gate
absorbed photon from ultraviolet light
source and acquire enough energy to
reverse the programming process and get
them to the substrate next is and
Pythias metal and diffuse and only
diffused entropies usually it is open
circle and it is the category of man but
volatile which is permanent and it has
two rows of poly division and diffuse
and metal to metal and diffuse and this
is the structure of entities it is
conscious of metal to metal one in the
fuse substrate polysilicon diffusion and
diffuse dielectric and filled oxide
mental entities and individuals is the
upper side of Philadelphia
it is an open faith until a programming
cotton is falls through it by playing
the height programming voltage across an
oxide nitric oxide on and off like in
the trick which is sandwich of veal
block the flow of current from from
polysilicon layer towards division layer
the diametric will be melt won't receive
the programming current and permanently
create an electrically conductive and in
this mental interviews it consists of
poly silicon e or an all-day electric
field oxide and was deficient
[Music]
it's probably feels and videos a metal
to metal end to end and it feels is form
using or grant in the end to M entities
is used as a programmable device in an
FPGA where it plays between to
interconnect metal layer of the smash
process the resulting programming is an
alloy of amorphous silicon and very low
metal that forms a low resistance back
between the logic circuit which is
tungsten detaining a titanium and silica
the m2m device may need any program to
interconnect
logic circuit in this body because
interviews it consists of metal one
dielectric oxide and method
that's all from us thank you for
watching
[Music]